readme: explain 10sec waiting time (#122)
Akuli/catris: README.md

There's only one score; you play together, not against other players.
Try to collaborate and make the best use of everyone's blocks.

With multiple players, if your playing area
fills up all the way to the top of the game,
you will have to wait 10 seconds.
Then your playing area will be erased and you can continue playing.
The game ends if all players are simultaneously on their 10 seconds waiting time.
This means that you can intentionally fill your area with blocks

> to get to the 10 seconds waiting time before other players.

Author: ```suggestion
to get your waiting time before other players.
```
